# Rock Paper Scissors

This is an implementation of the [*Rock Paper Scissors*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_paper_scissors) game
using OOP and unit tests.

## How to launch
Go to project root directory and type this from command line:\
`python rps.py`

The GUI will ask inputs for:
- game settings (*human vs cpu* or *cpu vs cpu*)
- amount of rounds per game (between 1 and 10)
- nickname (in case of *human vs cpu* game type)
- round's strategies (1 for Rock, 2 for Paper, 3 for Scissors)

At the end of each game the GUI will ask to play again.\
In case of a "yes", a new game with the same two players will be launched.

## Project Structure
The *entry point* script is *rps.py*, where external class methods
will be invoked inside a `start_game` function in order to
decide game settings, show the two challengers and launch a game.

The project includes a *rps_game* package with a series
of modules for base classes and business logic.

#### business logic
The business logic of the game is handled by the `PlayGame`
class of the *play_rps.py* module.\
This class launches games and creates instances of 
the main objects of each game: **Games**, **Players**, **Rounds**, each
of them created by base classes (see next section).\
The `PlayGame` class only includes static methods for handling
the interactive interface, by asking inputs to the user in order
to make the game flow from start to finish.

#### base classes
The base classes are stored inside modules of the *rps_game* package:
- `Game` class inside *game.py*. This class is used to create
instances of different games, where each one will have its own
players, rounds, scoreboard and winner.
- `Round` class inside *round.py*. A Round object will store
the two players' choices (1 for Rock, 2 for Papers, 3 for Scissors)
as well as the winner of the round (a Player instance)
- `Player` class inside *player.py*. A Player object might be
either *human* or *virtual* and will store a name. If a name is
passed to the constructor, then the player is human, otherwise
the player is virtual and a random name will be generated by the
**FunnyNameGenerator** class.

### Tests
Unit testing is used. Each `TestCase` is stored within
a specific script of the *tests* directory.\
In order to launch the entire *Test Suite*, go to the project root
and type this from command line:\
`python rps_test_suite.py`


